# 3ftx_toxicity

## Description
The project focuses on understanding the basis of three finger toxin toxicity and identfying different structural
markers that contribute to this. I use R for various analyses in the project and have compiled some of the improtant codes here.
Each R script is commented and gives step by step information on what to do, please follow them fro guidance. 
All the necessary packages and libraries are included in the R scripts. 

## Structure
- `aggregate_area.R` - This script is not related to my project. It was written for soemone else's project where they are working on Alziehmer's in C.elegans.
The script automates the process of counting the number of protein aggregates and finding their area. 
- `bond_calculation_optimised.R` - This script find out the atom pairs in a homology docking model and then filters out all the atom pairs between whom the distance 
is less than 6angstroms. 
- `for_checking_distances_between_specific_residues_and_toxin_atoms.R` - This script was written to verify the calculations of the `bond_calculation_optimised.R` script. 
t finds the distance between specific residues and atoms in the structure. 
- `for_minimising_RMSD_hydropathies_and_fixing_align.R` - This script was written to calculate normalised hydropathies of protein sequences and this helped us reach 
a consensus alignment.
- `to_clean_the_ZDOCK_files_for_chimera.R` - This script cleans the result file generated by ZDOCK post docking and helps me visualize the complex in chimera. 

## Installation
Clone this repository:
   ```bash
      git clone https://github.com/Bipasa440/Project_codes.git
